Hey Niannian
nian nian
Don't be stupid
Mom knows it's wrong
Mom apologizes to you
Mom, I'm sorry.
Don't do anything stupid.
Let me go and don't do anything stupid, okay?
Why?
My mom suffered for 20 years
Then let go
They can say nothing about me
Why?
You've all succeeded in stopping me
Then why stop me from going to my mother?
Why is that?
You listen to me.
Think about me.
Mom knows it's wrong
You give mom a chance to make up for you
Mom also apologized to Lin Hong
What's wrong with you
You wake up
Didn't you get off work?
It's okay, I passed out on the reading index.
I was injured just now.
Playing chess is about to be stopped by the car
Quickly get caught by the car
Lin Niannian, you stole Chu Sifeng
Stole my mom
Stole my identity as a daughter
I definitely can't keep you
This beloved
If you still want to keep getting money
Must wash away your sins